Update the forward models section (#12220)
equinor/ert: docs/everest/forward_models/index.rst

    builtin
    custom

During optimization the values of the objective functions and output constraints
are calculated by a series of jobs specified in the `forward_model` section of
the configuration file:

.. code:: yaml

  forward_model:
    - job-name <arguments>
    - job-name <arguments>

> These jobs are executed in the order they are specified, and communicate via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These jobs are executed in the order they are specified, and exchange data via
```
